Out of the over 100,000 publishers
in South Korea,
there are more than
40,000 zealous regular pioneers.
What efforts have they made
to reach more people
in frequently worked territory?
Let’s find out.
I started pioneering
less than a year after I got baptized,
so I was eager to sharpen
my preaching skills.
I really wanted to share my hope with others.
But it’s so hard to meet people
at their homes during the day.
And even if we do meet them,
it’s not easy to start a conversation.
Our congregation organized
convenience store witnessing
from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m.,
so I thought this might be
a good way to reach people
and have meaningful conversations.
But the thing is that I’m not
a morning person,
so getting up early was not easy.
So I had to make some adjustments.
I tried not to make plans
or to stay up late the night before.
The sample presentations
from our meetings were also very helpful.
In the past, I hardly got the chance
to open the Bible while I was preaching,
but now I have a few Bible studies.
Even the time we spend traveling
from one convenience store to the next
is very uplifting spiritually
because we use that time
to share our preaching skills
and build each other up.
Having a regular share
in convenience store witnessing
has allowed me to be
more productive in the ministry.
I feel like I’m progressing spiritually
and becoming a better minister
of the good news.
On weekdays, I work to support my family.
So I would usually go out in field service
on the weekends.
But it wasn’t easy
to find people at their homes
because they usually make plans and go out.
And you know,
it’s hard to get excited
about the preaching work
when you’re not meeting many people.
I wanted to set
a good example for my family,
but I found it a real challenge
to maintain my zeal for the ministry.
So I began to regularly participate
in evening witnessing
on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays.
I usually get off work around 5:00 p.m.
After a long day at work,
it’s not always easy to get dressed
to go out in the field ministry.
But I kept up with my return visits
and had some really encouraging experiences.
A young man I had been visiting
accepted a Bible study,
and he’s making fine progress.
My children are able to see
how much joy I get from the ministry,
and so now they too
are able to give a bold witness
in their own words,
even in the face of opposition.
I am very proud of my children.
Training and teaching them how to make
effective return visits and Bible studies
brings me great joy.
We serve in a small rural town
where many leave home
early in the morning to work in the field,
and they return late at night.
So it’s not easy
to find people at home during the daytime.
And even if we do find them at their doors,
it’s not easy to develop
a meaningful Bible-based conversation,
let alone make return visits
and conduct Bible studies with them.
After returning home
from preaching at night,
I would ask myself,
‘Did I have a meaningful share
in the ministry today?’
It’s a small rural town.
So many people are concerned
about what their neighbors
would think if they talked with us.
So even those who were interested
in learning more about the Bible
were reluctant to have
Bible discussions with us.
It was really unfortunate.
We tried to figure out
the right time to call on people,
and we found out
that many householders are more relaxed
and willing to talk about the Bible
if we visit them
around nine or ten o’clock in the evening.
I gave much thought
on how I could help my Bible students
have a regular intake of spiritual food.
One of my students
worked from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.,
so I asked her if we could arrange
to study early in the morning.
She agreed.
I often tell my Bible students,
‘Just call me whenever you have
a little time to talk.’
When I get those calls,
no matter what time it is,
it’s time to rush out that door.
There was one elderly lady
who was in her early 80’s
who had attended church all her life.
To accommodate her needs,
I visited her
around nine or ten o’clock in the evening
for our Bible studies.
I would come home
feeling tired and hungry,
but the satisfaction of knowing
that I’ve helped her learn
more about the truth
enables me to maintain my joy.
Now I am able to conduct
about 12 Bible studies.
I try to “become all things
to people of all sorts”
in order to look after their needs.
And it brings me great satisfaction and joy
to see my studies make progress
because that’s really how Jehovah wants us
to be carrying out our ministry.
You might feel that you’ve worked
every corner of your home territory.
But just like a literal fisherman
adapts to the time when the fish are biting,
we need to work when people can be found.
Cast your nets into productive waters!
Our sister arranged her schedule
to call on her Bible student
at nine or ten in the evening.
Of course, we want to use good judgment
to call at times that are both practical
and safe for our territory.
But by being adaptable in when, where,
or how we preach the good news,
we may yield good results like those
of our fellow Witnesses in South Korea.
This will help us to have
a meaningful share in the all-important work
of finding those who
are “rightly disposed for everlasting life.”